Build Notes
-----------

In order to create binaries and installers for all platforms ensure the Eclipse RCP Delta pack is installed in your Eclipse target.

1.  Edit the "plugin.xml" files for each plug-in to set the correct Version (format is X.X.X.qualifier)
2.  Edit the "plugin.properties" file to set the correct Version (format is X.X.X)
3.  Edit the "branding/mac/Info.plist" file to set the correct CFBundleShortVersionString and CFBundleVersion (format is X.X.X)
4.  Edit the "branding/mac/app/Contents/Info.plist" file to set the correct CFBundleGetInfoString (format is X.X.X)
5.  Edit the "archimate-makeinstallers.xml" Ant Script file in order to set the app version number and the location of the
	Windows JRE of the build machine.  (There will be two Windows versions, one with shipped JRE and one without.)
6.  Edit and update the "changes.txt" file.
7.  Ensure all Help PDFs are up to date.
8.  Ensure all changes are committed to the git repo.
9.  Open the "archimate.product" file and click on the "Eclipse Product export wizard" link and set the following settings:
	
	Configuration:						              /uk.ac.bolton.archimate.editor.build/archimate.product
	Root directory:						              (leave blank)
	Synchronize before exporting:		              ticked
	Directory:							              /Archi
	Export Source:				                      unticked
	Generate metadata repository:                     unticked
	Export for multiple platforms:		              ticked
	Allow for binary cycles in target platform:       ticked
	
	On the "Dependencies" tab ensure "Include optional dependencies when computing..." is unticked.
	
	Click "Next" and select the following OS platforms:
	
	linux (gtk/x86)
    linux (gtk/x86_64)
	macosx (cocoa/x86)
	macosx (cocoa/x86_64)
	win32 (win32/x86)
	
	Click "Finish" and wait for the export wizard to create the output folders in "/Archi".
	The "/Archi" folder should be created on your local drive with the following build sub-folders:
	
	linux.gtk.x86
	linux.gtk.x86_64
	macosx.cocoa.x86
	macosx.cocoa.x86_64
	win32.win32.x86

10.  Run the "archimate-makeinstallers.xml" Ant script from Eclipse.
11.  Run the NSIS installer for Windows version (windows_installer.nsi).
12.  Check that the builds run on each platform
13.  If all is OK, tag all files in the git repo as version "release_X.X.X"
14.  Upload all files to the public download website
